progress: for_each and for_each_n (#371)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdMismatch.rst

     KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
     Kokkos::pair<ValueType1, ValueType2> operator()(const ValueType1& a, const ValueType2& b) const {
       return (a == b);
       }
     };

Return Value
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- a Kokkos::pair, where the ``.first`` and ``.second`` are the iterator instances
  where the ``operator==`` evaluates to false, or ``pred`` evaluates to false

Example
~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cpp

   namespace KE = Kokkos::Experimental;

   template <class ValueType1, class ValueType2 = ValueType1>
   struct MismatchFunctor {

     KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
     Kokkos::pair<ValueType1, ValueType2> operator()(const ValueType1& a, const ValueType2& b) const {
       if(a != b)
	   return (Kokkos::pair<ValueType1, ValueType2> (a,b));
     }
   };

   auto exespace = Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace;
   using view_type = Kokkos::View<exespace, int*>;
   view_type a("a", 15);
   view_type b("b", 15);
   // fill a,b somehow

   // create functor
   MisMatchFunctor<int, int> p();

   Kokkos::pair<int,int> mismatch_index = KE::mismatch(exespace, KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), KE::begin(b), KE::end(b) p);

   // assuming OpenMP is enabled, then you can also explicitly call

>    Kokkos::pair<int,int> mismatch_index = KE::mismatch(Kokkos::OpenMP(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), KE::begin(b), KE::end(b), p);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// To run explicitly on the Host, (assuming a and b are accessible on Host)
   Kokkos::pair<int,int> mismatch_index = KE::mismatch(Kokkos::DefaultHostExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), KE::begin(b), KE::end(b), p);
```

- ``pred``

  - must conform to:

  .. code-block:: cpp

     template <class ValueType1, class ValueType2 = ValueType1>
     struct IsEqualFunctor {

     KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
     Kokkos::pair<ValueType1, ValueType2> operator()(const ValueType1& a, const ValueType2& b) const {
       return (a == b);
       }
     };

Return Value
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- a Kokkos::pair, where the ``.first`` and ``.second`` are the iterator instances
  where the ``operator==`` evaluates to false, or ``pred`` evaluates to false

Example
~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cpp

   namespace KE = Kokkos::Experimental;

   template <class ValueType1, class ValueType2 = ValueType1>
   struct MismatchFunctor {

     KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
     Kokkos::pair<ValueType1, ValueType2> operator()(const ValueType1& a, const ValueType2& b) const {
       if(a != b)
	   return (Kokkos::pair<ValueType1, ValueType2> (a,b));
     }
   };

   auto exespace = Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace;
   using view_type = Kokkos::View<exespace, int*>;
   view_type a("a", 15);
   view_type b("b", 15);
   // fill a,b somehow

   // create functor
   MismatchFunctor<int, int> p();

>    Kokkos::pair<int,int> mismatch_index = KE::mismatch(exespace, KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), KE::begin(b), KE::end(b) p);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Kokkos::pair<int,int> mismatch_index = KE::mismatch(exespace, KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), KE::begin(b), KE::end(b), p);
```
